6)  Find  the  name,  loan  number  and  loan  amount  of  all  customers  having  a  loan  at  the “S street” branch.

SELECT customer_name, loan_number, amount
FROM   loan AS L, borrower AS B
WHERE  L.loan_number = B.loan_number
       AND branch_name = "S Street";


7)  Find the Cartesian product of borrower and loan.

SELECT *
FROM   borrower, loan


8)  Find  the name, loan number and loan  amount  of all  customers having  a loan  at  the S 
street branch. 
9)  Find the name, loan number and loan amount of all customers (rename the column name 
loan_number as loan_id). Order by name. 
10) Find the customer names and their loan numbers for all customers having a loan at some 
branch. 
11) Find  the  names  of  all  branches  that  have  greater  assets  than  some  branch  located  in 
Hyderabad. 
12) Find the names of all customers whose street includes the substring “Street”. 
13) List in alphabetic order the names of all customers having a loan in “S Street” branch. 
Arrange in the order of descending loan amount within customer names.  
14) Find bank accounts with a balance under Rs. 700 order by increasing bank balance. 
15) Get the accounts with their balance updated in the year 2012. Display them by decreasing 
order of balance. 
16) Retrieve  a  list  of  all  bank  branch  details,  ordered  by  branch  city,  with  each  city’s 
branches listed in reverse order of holdings. 
17) Find all customers who have a loan, an account, or both. 
18) Find all customers who have both a loan and an account. 
19) Find the average account balance at the S Street branch. 20) Find the number of depositors for each branch. 
21) Find the name of customers from Patna city with balance along with the name of day and 
month on which the account is updated. 
22) Find the names of all branches where the average account balance is more than Rs. 600. 
23) Find all customers whose address is unknown.  
24) Find all branches that have greater assets than some branch located in Delhi. 




25) Increase all accounts with balances over Rs. 500 by 10%, all other accounts receive 5%. 
(execute two update statements) 

UPDATE account
SET amount = amount * 1.1
WHERE amount > 500




26) Add a new attribute “country” to table branch. 

ALTER TABLE branch ADD COLUMN country VARCHAR(15)






27) Change the domain of the “branch_city” attribute of the branch table to varchar (30). 

ALTER TABLE branch MODIFY COLUMN branch_city VARCHAR(30)






28) Make the “branch_city” of the branch table has a default value of ‘Mumbai’.

ALTER TABLE branch ALTER COLUMN branch_city SET DEFAULT "Mumbai"

ALTER TABLE branch MODIFY COLUMN branch_city VARCHAR(15) DEFAULT "Mumbai" 